

Guideline 2.3.2 - Performance - Accurate Metadata

Issue Description

We noticed that your promotional image to be displayed on the App Store does not sufficiently represent the associated promoted In-App Purchase and/or win back offer. Specifically, we found the following issue with your promotional image:

 – You submitted duplicate or identical promotional images for different promoted In-App Purchase products and/or win back offers. 

 – Your promotional image includes text that is small or otherwise hard to read. 

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please revise your promotional image to ensure it is unique and accurately represents the associated promoted In-App Purchase and/or win back offer. 

If you have no future plans on promoting this In-App Purchase product, you can delete the associated promotional image in App Store Connect. 

Resources

- Learn how to view and edit In-App Purchase information in App Store Connect.
- Discover more best practices for promoting your In-App Purchases on the App Store.


Guideline 2.1(b) - Performance - App Completeness

Issue Description

The In-App Purchase products in the app exhibited one or more bugs which create a poor user experience. Specifically, an error message displays when we attempt to buy your in-app purchase products. Review the details and resources below to troubleshoot this issue.

Review device details: 

- Device type: iPhone 17 Pro Max 
- OS version: iOS 26.3.1

Next Steps

Apple reviews In-App Purchase products in the sandbox and the In-App Purchase products do not need prior approval to function in review. Review the product configurations, complete any missing information, and test them in the sandbox.

To offer In-App Purchases in the app, the Account Holder must also accept the Paid Apps Agreement in the Business section of App Store Connect. Confirm you have a Paid Apps Agreement in effect.

If you still need assistance after completing the steps and reviewing the resources, visit the Apple Developer Forums. If you can’t find an answer from an existing thread, start a new thread with your question to get guidance from Apple engineers and other developers.

Resources

Learn more about app completeness requirements in guideline 2.1(b).
