Hello Marcus,

Thank you for submitting your items for review. We noticed an issue with your submission that requires your attention.
Submitted: Mar 10, 2026 at 04:11 PM Pacific Daylight Time
Submitted by: Marcus Hughes
Number of items submitted: 1
Submission ID: d4f04fdd-2fc5-4b18-98b1-2c38c72471f7
App Name: Grade.IQ

We look forward to working with you to resolve the issues with the following items:
App Version
1.0.1 for iOS
Hello,

Thank you for your resubmission. Upon further review, we identified additional issues that need your attention. See below for more information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment

Submission ID: d4f04fdd-2fc5-4b18-98b1-2c38c72471f7
Review date: March 10, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0.1

Guideline 4 - Design


Issue Description

Parts of the app's user interface were crowded, laid out, or displayed in a way that made it difficult to use the app when reviewed on iPad Air 11-inch (M3) running iPadOS 26.3.

Specifically, the options on subscription page are not entirely displayed.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, revise the app to ensure that the content and controls on the screen are easy to read and interact with.

Note that users expect apps they download to function on all the devices where they are available. For example, apps that may be downloaded onto iPad devices should function as expected for iPad users. Learn more about supporting apps on compatible devices.

Resources

- Learn foundational design principles from Apple designers and the developer community.
- See documentation for the UIKit framework.
- Learn more about design requirements in guideline 4.
Guideline 2.1(b) - Performance - App Completeness


Issue Description

The In-App Purchase products in the app exhibited one or more bugs which create a poor user experience. Specifically, we were unable to complete the subscription purchase. Review the details and resources below to troubleshoot this issue.

Review device details:

- Device type: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
- OS version: iPadOS 26.3

Next Steps

Apple reviews In-App Purchase products in the sandbox and the In-App Purchase products do not need prior approval to function in review. Review the product configurations, complete any missing information, and test them in the sandbox.

To offer In-App Purchases in the app, the Account Holder must also accept the Paid Apps Agreement in the Business section of App Store Connect. Confirm you have a Paid Apps Agreement in effect.

If you still need assistance after completing the steps and reviewing the resources, visit the Apple Developer Forums. If you can’t find an answer from an existing thread, start a new thread with your question to get guidance from Apple engineers and other developers.

Support

- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Request an App Review Appointment at Meet with Apple to discuss your app's review. Appointments subject to availability during your local business hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.



For details, next steps, and to ask questions about these issues, please visit the App Review page in App Store Connect.
