Hello,

Thank you for your resubmission. Upon further review, we identified additional issues that need your attention. See below for more information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment

Submission ID: 356a6e12-21fc-4ad3-bf80-39984caca15e
Review date: February 28, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0


Guideline 5.1.1 - Legal - Privacy - Data Collection and Storage

Issue Description

One or more purpose strings in the app do not sufficiently explain the use of protected resources. Purpose strings must clearly and completely describe the app's use of data and, in most cases, provide an example of how the data will be used.

Next Steps

Update the camera and photo library purpose string to explain how the app will use the requested information and provide a specific example of how the data will be used. See the attached screenshot.

Resources

Purpose strings must clearly describe how an app uses the ability, data, or resource. The following are hypothetical examples of unclear purpose strings that would not pass review:

- "App would like to access your Contacts"
- "App needs microphone access"

See examples of helpful, informative purpose strings.

Support

- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Request an App Review Appointment at Meet with Apple to discuss your app's review. Appointments subject to availability during your local business hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.

Request a phone call from App Review

At your request, we can arrange for an Apple Representative to call you within the next three to five business days to discuss your App Review issue.

Request a call to discuss your app's review